---
layout: post
title: "Internet"
date: 2021-03-10
category: thought
---

This is the biggest vice in my life.

I can quit cold turkey on anything else – drinking, junk food, etc.

But no matter what I've tried, I can't quit the Internet.

I love to browse. Just to check out things I haven't caught up on in a while.

Mind-rotting or inspirational content...I flick through it all.

But I can't indulge anymore.

I'll scroll forever if I don't stop myself.

I think everything went south when I got my first smartphone in 6th grade.

From that moment onward, I've been constantly connected.

I try so hard to maintain a healthy habit with it, but I now realize I just don't have the willpower.

Years of life have slipped through my fingers while I stared at the screen.

Enough.

My Internet devices will be serving ME moving forward, not stealing my time, attention, and productivity.

I deleted all apps on my phone that allow me to browse the internet. It is a dumbphone now.

I installed software on my laptop that limits the hours which I can go online. It is a tool from here on out.

If I don't stop the madness now, I will spend the next 70 years of my life switching from website to website – consuming.

I shall read, walk, converse with others, and create.

This technology is only going to get more addictive.

Those minutes that you browse turn into hours. Turn into days and then into years of your life. Gone forever.

With nothing to show for it – except some giggles and a cheap dopamine rush.
