---
layout: post
title: "Drinking"
date: 2021-05-08
category: thought
---

I'll have a drink once in a while. I'm not opposed to casual drinking for any reason. I have other motives.

Way back before I was even in high school, my mom told me this story of some guy whose parents offered to buy him a Rolex if he went through high school without drinking or doing any drugs.

So I tried to do the same. I never drank until weeks after I graduated high school and still have never done drugs. I'm graduating college soon and still don't have my gold watch.

So, it isn't some religious or moral reason I don't drink, it just comes down to the fact that alcohol is disgusting.

The worst by far is tequila – it smells toxic. Beer is up next. I could probably rant all day about how gross beer is – especially IPAs. Yeah, lemme pay $12 for this drink that tastes like pee and makes me as full as an In-N-Out 4x4. Even mixed drinks are too sugary to be something worth paying the exorbitant amount for – cocktails in the Bay Area are $16+ for a few ounces. Waste of money.

I don't really like hanging at bars either. You go into, and sometimes pay a cover charge for, this dark, loud room with tons of people you can't trust so that you can catch up with friends? There's gotta be a better place to do that.

With all that, you should acknowledge that alcohol is essentially poison to the body. The worst nights/mornings in my life are directly related to the toll alcohol had on my body.

I'm not interested in getting drinks. I think there's other places we could go to sip on things that don't taste and make me feel bad. Cheers.
